# Fraud-App-Detection-of-Google-play-store-apps-using-Decision-Tree

The use of mobile phones has increased as technology has progressed. The creation of diverse mobile applications on various platforms, such as the popular Android and iOS, has exploded. It has become a big difficulty in the area of business intelligence due to its quick expansion day by day for its everyday usage, sales, and improvements. Customers ratings, and reviews on the individual program that they chance to download play the most crucial role. This could be a technique for developers to identify their flaws and incorporate them into the creation of a new product that meets people's needs.

As a general trend, rather than relying on traditional marketing strategies, under the trees App developers have the ability to purposefully support their Apps and, in the end, control the outline ranks on an App store. This is usually accomplished by employing so-called "bot ranches" or "human water armed forces" to rapidly increase the number of application downloads and audits.

As a result, it is critical to ensure that consumers are presented with accurate and authentic feedback prior to installing an app in order to minimize errors. In order to overcome and analyze the many comments and ratings that are supplied for each application, an automated method is required. Because mobile phones are such a common requirement, it is critical that suspicious program be designated as fraud so that store users may identify them. It will be impossible for the user to tell if the remarks or ratings that they scroll over are a scam or genuine for their advantage. By offering a comprehensive perspective of ranking fraud detection system, we propose a system that would identify such fake applications on the Play or App store.

We can acquire the probability of determining whether an app is fake or not, therefore we present a system that uses four features that are In app purchases, Contains Ad ,ratings and reviews to determine the probability of an app whether it's scamming its consumers or not.
We start the system by taking into account these four features that are the most crucial in determining the target. Then based on these features the collected data through scraping is being trained through various classification models and then selecting the right and accurate model for the system. In this stage of the selection we got various models with different accuracy Naive Bayes with 83% , Logistic Regression with 84% and Decision tree with 85% accuracy. 
So, we finally picked up the decision tree.
